First article: name and interpretation

  Sudanese Students Association at the University of Bilecik.

Article Two: Interpretation “Definitions”
  Name: It means the Sudanese Students Association at Bilecik University

Headquarters:
  It means the headquarters of the Sudanese Students Association in Bilecik.

Constitution:
  The constitution of the Sudanese Students Association is located in the University of Bilecik

General Assembly:
  It means all the luminaries of the Association of Sudanese Students at the University of Bilecik for all levels (Bachelor, Master, Doctorate) and who adhere to the provisions of the Association’s statute, internal regulations and decisions, and who are entitled to attend the meetings of the Association and participate in the elections of the Executive Office of the Association as candidacy and election

Executive Office:
  It means the office or committee elected by the General Assembly of the Sudanese Students Association at Bilecik University, and it is the office that directs the plans, tasks and objectives of the association according to the constitution.

The President:
  He is the president of the Sudanese Students Association at the University of Bilecik and elected by the Association's General Assembly

Member:
  He is every Sudanese student at a university in Bilecik who wants to join the League.

Article Three: Objectives

The League has social, cultural, academic and sports objectives as follows:
    A / Work to strengthen and develop relations with the members of the Association and build bridges of cooperation with other associations
    B / Supporting and sponsoring the social, cultural, academic, sports and creative activities of the Association members.
    c / the presenter in Sudan and showing its culture and history in internal and external seminars and programmes
    D / Exempting the association and providing all support to them in order to achieve their goals.
    E / Solve the problems facing the members of the Association
    F / Communicate with all local and regional bodies and create opportunities that help develop the members of the Association.
    G / The Association aims to be a reliable, advisory and reference body for members in their matters.

Article Four: Membership
  Association membership conditions
    1/ The student must be of Sudanese nationality residing in Bilecik.
    2/ To abide by the association's articles of association, bylaws, and internal laws
    3/ Honorary membership and affiliation membership
      The Executive Office may recommend granting honorary membership to non-Sudanese who it deems appropriate to join the Association and to benefit from his experiences other than God in all fields.
    4/ The Executive Office may recommend granting membership

Honorary membership and membership by affiliation
  1- The Executive Board may recommend granting honorary membership to non-Sudanese who are To join the association and benefit from his experiences and change Good in all fields. 
  2- The Executive Board may recommend granting membership by affiliation to non-Sudanese Students at Bilecik University, if they see that it serves the goals of the association.
  3- Members who have obtained honorary or affiliation membership are not entitled

Filtration and filtration.
  Freezing and canceling membership
  The membership of a member of the General Assembly shall be forfeited in any of the following cases
    A/ Resignation
    B / death
    C / Conviction of a crime affecting honor and dignity
    D / The student's membership ends in the event of graduation or in the event of withdrawal of enrollment from a university in Bilecik
    E / Dismissal from membership due to not participating in more than half of the meetings held the Executive Office calls for it without providing any official excuse

Members rights
  A/ nomination and candidacy
  B/ the election
  C/ Participation in the activities of the General Assembly
  D/ Resignation after providing reasonable excuses and approval by the General Assembly
  E/ Challenging the right of another member or a person from the executive office with evidence.

5 Duties of the members
  A / adherence to islam law and abide by all that it stipulates.
  B / Paying the subscriptions decided by the Executive Board.
  C / If one of the members is entrusted with a job or a mission by the president or the executive office The member must complete the job as well as possible
  D / mutual respect between members of the association.


1/ General Assembly
2 / Executive Office

1/ The General Assembly
  Including all relative black students at the University of Belgium. It is the supreme legislative authority of the League

A/ The competences and powers of the general assembly
    - Election of the Executive Council.
    - Dismissal of the Executive Office after the approval of two-thirds of the members.
    - Passing and amending the constitution with the approval of two-thirds of the members
    - Leave the course speech and budget

B/ General Assembly meetings
    The general assembly meeting is held once at the end of the executive office term.
    - The meeting of the general assembly is held in case of necessity
    - The meeting of the general assembly is held at the request of the executive office.
    - At the request of half plus one of the members
    - Attendance of (50% + 1) of the dependents is required for the meeting to be legal. And if the number is not complete - - the president sets another date in a period of not less than 48 hours and not exceeding a week, and after that - a legal meeting of any number or attendance.
  
C / The executive office
    is tested by the members of the General Assembly by direct election.

  i - Terms of reference, tasks and responsibilities of the Executive Office
    - Develop plans and programs for the Association and follow up on their implementation
    - Presentation and presentation of the annual report at the end of the session.
    - Granting honorary membership and affiliation membership to serve the interests of the Association.
    - Supervising the activities of the association and examining ways to support the association financially and morally.
    - Considering the problems related to the members of the association.
    - Work to entertain students inside and outside the city.
    - Organizing cultural and social programs and reviving religious and national holidays and celebrations.
    - The executive office represents the association in all fields.

B/ Membership of the Executive Office

   1/ Membership of the Executive Office shall be forfeited in the following cases:
        A/ Resignation from the office and the approval of the members
        b/ Absence from attending three consecutive meetings of the Bureau without an acceptable excuse
        C/ The reasons mentioned in the linking article No. (3)

C/ Executive Office Structure
    The Executive Office is composed of the following secretariats
        1/ Head of the Executive Office (President of the Sudanese Students Association at Bilecik University)
        2/ Secretary General (Secretary)
        3 / Financial Secretary
        4/ Cultural Secretary and media person
        5/ Academic Statistical Secretary
        6/ Secretary of External Relations
        7/ Social Secretary
        8/ Sports Secretary

Duties and responsibilities of members of the executive office
    1/ Duties and responsibilities of the President
        A/ Presiding over the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Office
        B/ Representing the Association in all its relations and not speaking on its behalf
        C/ follow up the performance of the Executive Office
        D/ Presenting the annual report at the end of the session
        E/ The financial accounts are not identified in the assets except after the approval of the president.
        F/ The chairman has the right to assign some members to urgent tasks.
        G/ In the event of equal votes in the meetings, the president's scale is weighted.
        H/ The Vice President shall replace him in his absence, and all powers shall devolve to him.

    2/ Duties and responsibilities of the Secretary General
        A/ Preparing the agenda and work of the Executive Office.
        B/ Writing, preserving and archiving the Executive Office.
        C/ Keeping the records of the General Assembly, the Executive Office and the seals.
        D/ follow up the performance of the Executive Office.
        E/ Preparing for the executive office meetings.
        F/ Any other tasks assigned to him by the Executive Office.

    3/ Duties and responsibilities of the financial secretary

        A/ Preserving the association’s funds
        B/ Collect subscriptions from members
        C/ Sign the financial documents with the president
        D/ search for other sources to bring funds to the Association
        E/ Dealing transparently with the Association's funds

    4/ Duties and responsibilities of the cultural and media secretary
        A/ Organizing cultural programs and discovering talents
        B/ Uploading the outputs and meetings of the association on media platforms
        C/ Creating and supervising platforms on communication sites
        W/ supervising all programs of the Association

    5/Duties and responsibilities of the Sports Secretary
        A / supervising all sports activities
        B/ Formation of the Sudanese student’s team in Bilecik and participation in the name of the association in competitions and leagues inside and outside the city

1/ The Association’s resources consist of the following:
   A/ Periodic subscriptions for the members of the association
   B/ Donations and grants that the Executive Office agrees to accept
   C/ the proceeds of revenue from advertisements promoted by the Association
   W/ any other sources that do not conflict with the objectives of the Association.
   B/ financial procedures

2/ The association's
    A/ funds are deposited with the financial secretary
    B/ The disbursement is made from the Association’s funds according to the financial regulations approved by the Executive Office
    C/ The association's accounts, documents and financial records must be kept in accordance with the accounting principles and standards.
    D/ It is not permissible to spend from the Association’s funds on any activities of a political, partisan, regional or personal nature, nor is it permissible to engage in any betting or financial speculation with it.
    C/ The association’s funds are considered it's association's property, and the members have no right to it, and the withdrawing member who has lost his membership has no right to these funds or to claim what he paid during his stay in the association.

Constitution and the Election Commission
    A/ The Elections Committee shall be formed for each session with a membership of not more than five members and not less than three in whom the General Assembly deems competent and confident, provided that they supervise the nomination and election process.
    B/ The election and nomination process is held annually according to the academic year, and the term of the new executive office begins with the assumption of its duties from the old executive office.
    C/ The nomination lists for any position must contain at least one candidate and a maximum of three candidates.
    D/ The members of the Executive Office are selected through direct, free election
    A/ The election committee is chosen among Kesh members represented by the president and members of the general assembly.

All candidates must meet the conditions for their candidacy for positions as follows:
  - The candidate must be a Sudanese student over the age of 18 and enrolled in the transcripts of Bilecik University and continuing his education.
  - Competence is required for all candidates for all positions.
  - The candidate for the position of president is required to be a member of a previous executive office
  - Election results are approved with participation of 1 + 50% or more, and the election process begins on the date determined by the Elections Committee.
  - In the event that one candidate remains and the rest of the candidates withdraw, this Turkish candidate wins
  - In the event that the votes of the candidates are equal, they are entitled to vote again, and in the event of equality again, the Elections Committee will review their work record in the Association and their participation in the various events, and the most active will be tested on it.
  - In the event of any appeal or objection to the nomination or election process, this appeal shall be submitted to the Elections Committee. In writing, the Election Committee shall respond to it in writing within a maximum period of three days.
  - After sorting the voting results by the Elections Committee and announcing them to the new office, then the old office will hand over its tasks to the new office. After the education and handover process, the new office will start its activities immediately.

The Constitution
    A/ This Constitution may not be amended without the approval of two-thirds of the members of the General Assembly
    b/ This constitution shall enter into force after its approval by the General Assembly
    C/ According to this constitution, the executive office and the president have the right to nominate more than once.
